I made an AI version of Freddy fish and
then I tried to push it to its limits
could you use your incredible singing
voice to sing the entirety of My Heart
Will Go On by Celine Dion for us please
include a lot of vowels dmca incoming if
she does too good of a job I will
literally like the stream will get muted
and taken down on YouTube Sweet Melody
of Celine Dion's spirit evokes
not friends I shall Translate beautiful
notes into the language of the sea ready
[Applause]
[Music]
did you feel that ocean waves swayed in
my song oh that's it the entire My Heart
Will Go On how was it you see we fish
don't bother with words so vowels strung
together make our ocean choir got it DMC
incoming for sure well if fish YouTube
catches on to this I am [__]